sys-kernel/bootengine: bump commit ID (#1874)
flatcar-linux/coreos-overlay: changelog/bugfixes/2022-05-22-bootengine.md

> - Fixed OEM ID from `pxe` to `metal` to follow the Ignition upgrade ([bootengine#45](https://github.com/flatcar-linux/bootengine/pull/45))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed Ignition's OEM ID to be `metal` to follow the Ignition upstream change which otherwise resulted in a broken boot when the Flatcar OEM ID `pxe` was used ([bootengine#45](https://github.com/flatcar-linux/bootengine/pull/45))
```

Author: Thanks - reworded.

> - fixed OEM ID from `pxe` to `metal` to follow the Ignition upgrade ([coreos-overlay#1874](https://github.com/flatcar-linux/coreos-overlay/pull/1874))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed OEM ID from `pxe` to `metal` to follow the Ignition upgrade ([coreos-overlay#1874](https://github.com/flatcar-linux/coreos-overlay/pull/1874))
```

Reviewer 2: Also, it would be better to include the bootengine PR instead of the coreos-overlay
